Cloud changelog - May 11 (#5626)
mattermost/docs: source/install/cloud-changelog.md

Latest Mattermost Cloud releases:

- [Release 2022-05-11](#release-2022-05-11)
- [Release 2022-04-28](#release-2022-04-28)
- [Release 2022-04-13](#release-2022-04-13)
- [Release 2022-03-30](#release-2022-03-30)
- [Release 2022-03-16](#release-2022-03-16)
- [Release 2022-03-08](#release-2022-03-08)

## Release 2022-05-11

### Improvements

#### User Interface (UI)

>  - For toggling the channel Info in the right-hand side, a shortcut CTRL/CMD+ALT+I was added.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - For toggling the channel information in the right-hand pane, a shortcut CTRL/CMD+ALT+I was added.
```

 - Added an "Unread Channels" section to the channel switcher and included "Threads" in the results.

> #### Performance

Reviewer 2: I don't think we need to include server performance related stuff in the cloud changelog, since we manage the servers users or admins don't feel it

Latest Mattermost Cloud releases:

- [Release 2022-05-11](#release-2022-05-11)
- [Release 2022-04-28](#release-2022-04-28)
- [Release 2022-04-13](#release-2022-04-13)
- [Release 2022-03-30](#release-2022-03-30)
- [Release 2022-03-16](#release-2022-03-16)
- [Release 2022-03-08](#release-2022-03-08)

## Release 2022-05-11

### Improvements

#### User Interface (UI)
 - For toggling the channel Info in the right-hand side, a shortcut CTRL/CMD+ALT+I was added.
 - Added an "Unread Channels" section to the channel switcher and included "Threads" in the results.

#### Performance
 - Improved the performance of aggregate queries related to Collapsed Reply Threads.

#### Administration
 - An email is now sent to Cloud Admins after upgrading their workspace.

#### API Changes
 - Added new API endpoints ``GET /api/v4/teams/:team_id/top/channels`` and ``GET /api/v4/users/me/top/channels``.

#### Bug Fixes

>  - Fixed an issue where Workspace Optimization did not load on subpath servers.

Reviewer 3: Sorry, subpath servers also doesn't apply to Cloud

Latest Mattermost Cloud releases:

- [Release 2022-05-11](#release-2022-05-11)
- [Release 2022-04-28](#release-2022-04-28)
- [Release 2022-04-13](#release-2022-04-13)
- [Release 2022-03-30](#release-2022-03-30)
- [Release 2022-03-16](#release-2022-03-16)
- [Release 2022-03-08](#release-2022-03-08)

## Release 2022-05-11

### Improvements

#### User Interface (UI)

>  - For toggling the channel Info in the right-hand side, a shortcut ``CTRL(or cmd)+Alt+I`` was added.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
 - For toggling the channel Info in the right-hand side, a shortcut CTRL/CMD+ALT+I was added.
```

 - Added an "Unread Channels" section to the channel switcher and included "Threads" in the results.

#### Performance
 - Improved the performance of aggregate queries related to Collapsed Reply Threads.

#### Administration
 - An email is now sent to Cloud Admins after upgrading their workspace.

>  - Added a new ``ConnectionId`` field to ``model.WebsocketBroadcast`` that allows broadcasting a message only to a specific connection.

Reviewer 3: Not relevant to Cloud

>  - Timestamps are now enabled in the default audit configuration.

Reviewer 3: Not relevant to Cloud

 - Updated the **System Console** session lengths configurations to use the new hours unit, replacing the day. Also added ``ServiceSettings`` config changes:
    - ``SessionLengthWebInDays`` changed to ``SessionLengthWebInHours``.
    - ``SessionLengthMobileInDays`` changed to ``SessionLengthMobileInHours``.

>     - ``SessionLengthSSOInDays`` changed ``SessionLengthSSOInHours``.

Author: These may not be needed for Cloud changelog - please confirm.

Reviewer 4: The session lengths ones probably not given that the Service Settings are not available in Cloud. Not sure about the other two, I believe audit is not available for Cloud admins either. Is that right @gabrieljackson ?

Reviewer 3: Confirming not relevant to Cloud

#### API Changes
 - Added new API endpoints ``GET /api/v4/teams/:team_id/top/channels`` and ``GET /api/v4/users/me/top/channels``.

#### Bug Fixes
 - Fixed an issue where Workspace Optimization did not load on subpath servers.

>  - Fixed an issue with the timing of selector performance metrics.

Reviewer 3: Not relevant to Cloud

 - Fixed an issue with ADA Accessibility where screen readers did not TAB to or read "This channel has guests" in the channel header bar.

>  - Fixed an issue where the S3 **Test Connection** button deceptively failed unless the user pressed **Save** first.

Reviewer 3: Not relevant to Cloud

 - Fixed an issue where the at-mention autosuggest of users was no longer grouped by channel membership status.

>  - Fixed an issue where an error was logged when ``SendEmailNotifications`` was not true.

Reviewer 3: Not relevant to Cloud
